What do you want?
Xiaofeng, I know you are still angry with my sister
I'm wrong about the house
I apologize to you.
You will apologize to me.
Are we all close relatives anyway?
Because it's not worth making a house like this
Now my parents and I regret it very much
Get out of my house if you regret it
Come on, we've already discussed it.
Are you going back to your hometown?
Mom and Dad want to have a reunion dinner before they leave
Come this afternoon
You would be so kind to invite me to dinner
I'm jealous
I don't have much time anyway
I'd like to see what you have to say
Deer, is this method working?
Don't worry, mom.
I have 30 bottles in this wine
As long as he has a drink, he can sleep for a day and a night
At that time, as long as he presses his arm
It's us under the guise
Will it kill people?
How could it affect the hostages at most?
They treat us like that
It should be
You deserve it.
He deserved it.
It's just a house.
It should be given to us.
He couldn't bear it first
Don't blame us for injustice
Lin Feng, you are back.